[Music]
eight signs your girlfriend doesn't love
you anymore
even the happiest relationship can feel
like they have reached a dead end
but can true love really grow cold
there's no denying that a partnership
takes a ton of work if you stop putting
in the effort the relationship will
suffer and you'll start noticing certain
behaviors in your partner that require
immediate attention if you have a
sneaking suspicion that your girlfriend
or wife has fallen out of love with you
then keep on watching for these eight
warning signs but before we get into the
red flags of a woman out of love don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
ring the notification bell so that
you'll always be the first to see our
daily uploads here on the bright side of
life
[Music]
number eight she's lost interest in your
mutual hobbies as your significant other
stop spending her free time with you
lately maybe you used to love playing
video games together or laughing your
faces off watching a funny show you both
enjoyed have your weekly trips to the
movies suddenly become a thing of the
past now she doesn't seem to have the
time or interest to do the things that
used to bring you two together if this
behavior only applies to a particular
mutual hobby there might not be too much
to worry about in that case it could
just be a growing boredom with routine
if you tend to do the same thing every
single night it might be time to spice
things up
[Music]
number seven she doesn't laugh at your
jokes your girlfriend or wife used to
laugh out loud at your jokes and was
always drawn by all your funny stories
you were so hilarious in her eyes and
this really gave you a sense of pride
and boosted your self-esteem but lately
she barely gives a chuckle or just
ignores your whims entirely so you ask
yourself what's changed if you notice
this red flag but your relationship
seems fine otherwise then again it might
not be a cause for concern she could
just be tired or stressing out over a
personal or work related problem so
there's no space in her head for funny
jokes at the moment
however if she doesn't pay attention to
any of your jokes
in combination with other warning signs
on this list it might not have anything
to do with her own worries but with her
relationship with you number six she
doesn't answer your calls or texts if
your partner has free time but doesn't
answer your calls or text that's a sign
of a problem brewing again it might have
something to do with what's going on in
her life outside of you but if for
example she answers other people's calls
and texts but is ghosting you then it's
time to look at what's happening with a
relationship of course if the text you
receive are emotionally cold or it takes
a long time to get a response back then
that's a red flag to watch out for
number five she's no longer jealous at
all it's natural for partners to get
just a little bit jealous in the
relationship if she's shown concern in
the past for your female friends or
coworkers but all of a sudden couldn't
care less who this Jessica person is
that keeps texting you or liking your
pictures on social media then this
change in attitude can be nerve-racking
it's possible that she's made attempts
in the past to know more about your life
but has gotten resistant if this is the
case she might have grown tired and
desensitized but be careful with this
sign because it could be a good one if
she was jealous and that changes all of
a sudden it might mean that she's
finally gotten to the point that she
trusts you completely the only way of
knowing what the change signifies is to
ask number four she doesn't need your
help she used to ask you for help with a
variety of things and was glad that you
were taking care of her she might have
needed help in simple little things like
reaching for a box in the closet or
opening that Kirsten pickle jar or
perhaps it was in bigger matters like
finding the solution to a complex
problem or figuring out the next step in
her life but now not only is she
perfectly fine without your assistance
she flat out rejected this situation
might have you baffled but it could be
because she's made a connection between
asking for help and some negative
instance in your relationship for
example if she asked for help before but
you rejected it reacted gruffly pointed
out a weakness in her or just generally
made her feel bad about it
it's likely she's made a rule in her
head to refrain from turning to you
again asking for help doesn't come easy
to a lot of people everyone has their
own sense of pride and no one likes to
feel as if they're incapable it's much
easier to accept help from someone who
offers it kindly in someone who gets
annoyed at the request
number three she doesn't tell you how
her day went she used to share
everything that was going on in her life
she'd tell you about her job her
co-workers her friends
the highlight of her day and her worries
if you find her resisting your attempts
to communicate constantly deflecting the
question or looking worried without
telling you what's on her mind then
something's definitely not right it
might be totally innocent maybe she just
doesn't feel like sharing her day once
in a while that's completely natural
since we all have those types of days
but if it has to do with the
relationship there are several
possibilities it could be that when she
talks to you she feels like you don't
listen or that her concerns aren't
really given enough thought or time for
exploration think about how much you
really listen to her and how much time
the two of you usually spend on
discussing what's going on in her life
the problem could live there number two
she no longer cares how you spend your
time she used to ask you about every
single minute of your day but now she
mostly keeps to herself she wanted to
spend time with you and make room for
you in her schedule but now she's
suddenly too busy you used to coordinate
when you'd meet with friends and when
you'd be back home but now you suspect
she wouldn't notice if you spent all day
out any of this striking of familiar
chord when people are in love they tend
to want to spend quality time with each
other almost every day they show care
too asking about each other's days
having dinner together and knowing where
the other person is went outside the
home every so often this lack of concern
can be put down to being too busy
everyone gets to that point sometimes
but if your workloads haven't changed in
this behavior is a constant in your life
then it's time to pay more attention
number one she's not planning her future
with you when you're in a committed
relationship with someone it's only
natural to envision or you can start
building and planning a future together
when happy couples make decisions or
plans about the future they think about
one another these decisions might be
simple like planning what to have for
dinner going away for a trip or what's
on the agenda for tomorrow or they can
be complex like planning to have kids
buy a home or move to a different
location if your wife or girlfriend is
planning today tomorrow and beyond but
you're not in the picture that's a big
warning sign that she doesn't see a
future with you if this is happening
it's a strong incentive to discuss
what's going on in your relationship are
you the type of person who tends to
stick to a safe routine without any
major changes or progress in life this
could be why she doesn't feel like it's
worth making life-changing plans with
you even if your girlfriend displays one
or all of these signs it's not over
until it's over bringing these behaviors
to light by communicating openly and
honestly with her can help you discover
what the root of the problem is that
step can work wonders because your
spouse will feel like you're attentive
to the relationship and are willing to
listen to her concerns once you know why
something's happening you're already
halfway there to solving the problem the
other step is to make the necessary
changes so that you can provide the
thing your partner needs to be happy
with you if you're ready to open the
dialog and work hard to make the right
changes you'll be just fine
how would you go about solving any of
these issues let us know in the comments
below if you found this video helpful
give a like and share it with your
friends don't forget to click Subscribe
to stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]